>> Brian Holt: So what I'm gonna do now
is I'm going to enable Sublime Linter for
Sublime, which I already have enabled.
But this is basically a tool that's
going to continuously run ESLint against
my code, and it's going to highlight
it if something's wrong with it.
So if I say const or let x =5,
>> Brian Holt: So now if you look in here,
it might be kind of hard to see but
I promise that it's there.
There's a faint red
outline around the x and
you can see little red
dot there in the gutter.
So if I click on it, and this is almost
too small for me to read, but at the very,
very, bottom, that really infinitesimally
small text that tells me what my error is.
So it says x is assigned a value,
but never used.
So this should be a const, instead.
So one of the things that ESLint
is gonna enforce on me is if you
never reassign something,
it's gonna force you to make it a const.
So now if I change this to const x = 5
it's still going to be an error because I
never used it, right?
So now let's say I say, console.log x.
And then now,
the red has gone away, right?
Cuz now I'm actually using it.
You have the red here that's outlined
React because this is undefined, right?
It doesn't see anywhere
where React is defined.
And then this console.log is
outlined because that's a warning so
you'd use console.log.
Typically, you don't wanna ship that to
production, that's why it's a warning.
And then this function here is
a warning because it wants a name.
>> Brian Holt: Right, the reason why
it forces you to put a name is it makes
stack traces much more useful
if it has a name on it.
>> Speaker 2: What was
the Sublime example again?
>> Brian Holt: It's called Sublime Linter.
So you have to install two things for
Sublime specifically.
You have to install a package
called Sublime Linter.
And then you have to install another one
called sublimelinter-contrib-eslint.
>> Brian Holt: So
I guess I can do, list packages.
So the first one is sublimelinter, and
the second one is
sublimelinter-contrib-eslint.
>> Speaker 2: I'm using Atom so.
>> Speaker 2: Skip that part.
>> Brian Holt: There's atom-lint, I think
is what it's called, Atom dash lint.
>> Speaker 2: Atom lenter?
>> Brian Holt: I think
it's just Atom-lint.